Previously on season one
of "how to get away
with murder"...
Lila: I met a new guy.
Mr. Darcy.
A woman's body was found inside
the kappa kappa theta house.
Reporter: Two suspects,
Griffin O'Reilly and
Rebecca sutter, were arrested.
Rebecca came over.
Next thing i know,
we're in the middle
when Lila walked in.
And that's when i see
Rebecca smiling.
I knew then
she set the whole thing up.
Let's go.
Griffin's gonna
pin it on you!
Your client just confessed.
Got it all on tape, too.
I didn't kill her.
They made me say those things.
There was nothing going on
with me and that girl.
Sam, why is your penis
on a dead girl's phone?
So, how did you end up
with her phone?
She left it at my apartment
the night before.
Lila was six weeks pregnant.
I bet you did...
Killing her, huh?
You enjoyed it, didn't you?
Oh, my god! Oh, my god!
Michaela!
You have to get here right now!
Michaela: Get him off her!
Do something!!
Annalise: Were you able to
pinpoint Mr. keating's phone
on the night of August 29th?
I was.
3204 spruce road.
That's the address
of kappa kappa theta
sorority house.
Bryce: You recognize
this ring?
I gave it to my husband
on our wedding day.
Any idea why we found it
in the woods?
I'm on it.
Reporter:
Former Philadelphia detective
Nate lahey was arrested
in connection with the death
of professor Sam keating.
Wes: Rudy?
Rebecca: Yeah, he's the freak
who lived here before you.
She said he had
a nervous breakdown.
Actually it was a drug overdose,
which put him
in a mental institution.
Wes:
You know her, right?
Her name's Rebecca.
Wet.
"Wet"?
The water tank.
[ Keys jingle ]
Laurel:
You're reaching.
He pointed at her photo.
And said "wet."
Maybe he'd just seen her
getting out of the shower.
On the night Lila died?
Then, the next time he looks
at a picture of Rebecca,
all he can say is "wet"?
Finally!
I'm a jerk.
Uh, i just got...
Bound up in work, and...
Then pick up the phone
when your girlfriend calls
and tell her that.
My phone died.
Nobody in the library
had a charger?
I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry.
Lila was in the water tank,
not the person who killed her.
Yeah.
Maybe she drowned her.
No, the autopsy
would've shown that.
[ Sighs ]
I need to ask her.
No.
If I'm wrong,
she'll clear it up.
Or she'll freak out, Wes.
You know her.
Rebecca:
Is something wrong?
What do you mean?
I just feel like
something's wrong
and you're not saying anything.
Nothing's wrong.
You sure?
Rebecca was the one Sam attacked
and the only one of
us who didn't help us
get rid of the body.
That is what she's gonna tell
the police if she gets scared.
She can screw us all, Wes.
I've been stressed, distracted,
yeah, more than I've admitted,
but...
It has nothing to do with you...
At all.
Wes:
We should tell Annalise.
Tell her what?
That Rebecca maybe killed Lila,
which means what we did to her
husband was all a giant mistake?
Please tell me
how that's a good idea.
No, we go home, we act normal,
at least until we know more.
Promise me you'll do that.
Rebecca: You promise
you're being honest with me?
I'm always honest with you.
I love you.
[ Both breathing heavily ]
Lila: [ Muffled ]
Just shut up, okay?
Rebecca: [ Muffled ] Shut up?!
What do you mean, shut up?!
Lila, i have no idea
what you're talking about!
I don't need this right now.
I don't need
all this, like, talk, okay?
What do you mean
you don't need this?
Okay, you just came into my
house and started yelling at me!
What happened?
Shut up!
What is wrong with you
right now?
Stop, okay?!
Tell me what happened,
and i can fix it. You...
Take it!
No!
Just take it!
No, not until you
tell me what happened.
Nothing happened.
I... i just don't want
to do this anymore.
Okay, look, if you
don't want to deal
anymore, that's fine,
but at least tell me
what's going on.
I'm getting back together
with Griffin.
What, are you crazy?
Why?
I love him.
No, you don't.
I do.
Why the hell
do you care so much?
Because he's bad for you.
You know that.
He's trying to control you.
And, yeah, Darcy's an ass,
but at least he's not trying
to make you feel like a slut
for having a sex drive!
[ Voice breaking ] Everything
bad that's happened to me
is because of you.
What...
What are you talking about?
[ Crying ]
Ever since i met you,
I've started acting crazy.
What, because you had sex?
How is that my fault?
I would have never
even flirted with Darcy
if you weren't
in my head all the time.
Okay, um...
Look, okay, i know you're upset.
I get it.
But I'm...
I'm your friend.
I'm the only friend you have,
according to what you've been
telling me over and over again.
So, maybe if you could just t...
[ laughs ]
I was just trying
to make you feel better.
You were just a way
to escape my stupid life
for a little while.
I was bored and confused,
but I'm done acting like
some trashed-out druggie whore.
That may be fine for you,
but my parents raised me better.
Get out of my house.
And don't ever call me again!
That's what I've
been trying to tell you...
I'm not going to!
You need something?!
[ Both breathing heavily ]
Mm, no.
No, no, no!
No.
Oh, come on.
I've been a good boy
for so long.
Now i just want to do
something bad.
We need to get tested.
What?
You're a drug addict
who cheated on me
with some stranger.
And how many other guys has
your penis touched since then?
See?
You can't even remember.
You're a slut.
Hey.
Now,
I'm... I'm... I'm...
I'm not saying that there's
anything wrong with that.
I just... you know, one in five
gay guys is HIV-positive,
and half of them
don't even know it.
Okay, Dr. Oliver.
I get it.
I just want
to do this the right way.
We can go
to the clinic together.
It'll be romantic.
You're insane.
But smart.
Think about how much better
the sex will feel
when we don't have to worry.
I-i hate you.
That thing i feel in your pants
is telling me a different story.
Judge, my client has
extensive ties to the community,
no prior record of any kind,
and an ailing wife
in hospice care.
She's got
stage-four ovarian cancer.
Oh, don't play the cancer card
in my courtroom, counselor.
Without weighing in on the guilt
or innocence of the defendant...
Traffic.
Darn.
I was hoping you got laid.
[ Both breathing heavily ]
My heart goes out
to Mrs. lahey,
but given the gruesome nature
of the crime,
coupled with the defendant's
police background
and the potential
for flight risk,
i am denying
the request for bail.
Stockton: Judge, please,
there's no reason...
The court's made its decision.
Put your energy
into the trial, counsel.
[ Gavel bangs ]
We are gonna
get through this, okay?
I'm gonna do everything i can.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Frank: He didn't
stand a chance in there.
Judge Redding's punishing him
for what this is doing to
the police department's image.
[ Sighs ] He's an idiot
for not firing that lawyer.
You can't
get involved, Annalise,
not if you
don't want them to...
don't tell me
what i can or can't do.
Look at that...
The team's all here.
You're the one client
i can count on to be on time.
Let's go.
Annalise: This is your life
on the line, father.
I'm gonna beg for
the possibility of parole,
but it's not gonna happen
unless you convince them
you deserve it.
I murdered
a fellow man of the cloth.
I deserve no concessions.
You asked god for
his forgiveness, right?
So, now you have to ask
the court's.
Convince them
that you're remorseful,
and if you feel yourself
breaking down, that's okay.
The more emotional you are...
You mean give a performance?
Lie?
You can't tell me
that there aren't times
you spout sermons
you don't believe in.
This is no different, father.
Who the hell is she?
Father?
Agnes.
She works at the church.
What if i wanted
to change my plea?
You pled guilty at
the arraignment weeks ago.
I know.
What if i changed my mind?
Be honest with me.
Are you two...
No, absolutely not.
I've never been
unfaithful to god in that way.
Then why did her
coming into this courtroom
cause you to change your mind?
Tell me what's going on.
Nothing's going on.
I just...
I want to fight this,
that's all.
When we met, you said
you'd keep me out of jail,
so that's what
I'm asking you to do.
Please.
Bailiff: All rise.
Judge:
Keep your seats.
This is the sentencing hearing
in the case of the commonwealth
vs. Andrew Crawford.
I understand
that the state has agreed to...
The defense
has a request, your honor.
[ Sighs ]
Which is what, counsel?
My client would like
to withdraw his plea.
[ Spectators murmuring ]
What's the withdrawal based on?
Father Crawford felt pressured
to take the plea.
Your honor, we pressured
the defendant in no way.
The state did not pressure him.
Then who was it,
Ms. keating?
Me, your honor.
At my first meeting
with my client,
i was in the middle
of a major personal crisis,
as the court probably knows.
I didn't take the time
to properly explain
his options to him.
That's my mistake,
not father Crawford's.
And now that I've had
the time to look over the case,
he's changed his mind.
Please don't punish him
for my own error.
[ Up-tempo music playing
in distance ]
Griffin:
What's in this again?
Pcp.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Doesn't that crap
make people jump off roofs?
Yeah, if you're a dumbass.
[ Sniffs ]
So, does Lila know you're here?
No.
Why?
I was kind of a jerk earlier.
Mm, shocker.
Come on.
You don't feel like she's
been kind of weird lately?
Eh, a little,
i guess. Why?
You think something's going on?
I don't know.
Just...
She barely wanted
to hang out all summer,
and then, all of a sudden,
she's up my ass.
She wants to hang out
all the time,
and she cries
when i say no.
Mm.
I got enough pressure
without her being needy.
You know?
Yeah.
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Laughs ]
You know, this is my first time
in an actual frat house.
Seriously?
My parents didn't
give me $100,000
to throw away
on college, so...
Mm.
[ Chuckles ]
Hey, you want to, uh...
Give me a tour?
[ Door opens ]
[ Sighs ]
Hey.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Kind of, uh, snuck up me.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Chuckling ]
Lila's gonna be pissed.
Lila's not gonna find out.
Back at my room with her,
clothes are off...
[ Breathing heavily ]
What is that?
The transcripts from Rebecca's
first police interview.
Okay, but why?
And where did you find them?
These files are in the cellar.
You stole files from Annalise?!
We can't talk to Rebecca
directly, fine,
but we can go over
all the things she's
said about that night
and see if
her story makes sense.
Wes...
Wes, if Annalise sees that...
In... in... in her
police interview,
Rebecca said
that she left and went home
after Lila caught her
with Griffin,
but in the confession tapes,
she said she went
to Lila's sorority house.
Yeah, and that confession
was coerced.
Or was it?
Michaela: What's all
the whispering about?
[ Sighs ]
Kan and i had a fight.
I was just venting.
You two talk about
your little love lives?
Cute.
What do you want?
The judge just accepted
father Andrew's
"not guilty" plea,
so Bonnie wants us
to take a field trip.
Annalise:
Your client has admitted
that they've committed a crime.
How is it possible to argue
a "not guilty" defense?
Why is that
not considered perjury?
Ms. Liebowitz.
Liebowitz:
Two reasons...
One, it's not sworn testimony,
and two, entering a
"not guilty" plea doesn't
mean "i didn't do it,"
it just means that the state
has to prove
every element of the crime
beyond a reasonable doubt.
And that heavy burden
is a defense attorney's
best weapon,
and you got to milk it
for all it's worth.
Joe: About 10:00,
i come through
to light a candle for my wife,
who passed last year.
I come around this pew here,
and i see father Bernard
layin' there
with his head cracked open.
You never seen so much blood.
The wall was sprayed with it.
His Bible,
sittin' on the floor beside him,
was practically floatin' in it.
Want to rack up a couple sins,
give the good lord
a little show?
Then i saw the thurible laying
next to him on the ground.
"Thurible"?
The murder weapon.
Joe: Usually holds the incense,
but that's what did him in.
According to
what you told police,
father Andrew was the first
person you suspected?
I heard them fighting
earlier that week.
Father Andrew hoped
to take over as head pastor
once father Bernard retired,
but father Bernard
wasn't seeing it go that way.
Annalise:
And what about your own ethics?
You know for a fact
that your client is guilty.
They've told you as much.
And yet you have to stand
in front of that jury every day
and lie to their faces.
Is it fair to assume that you
and father Andrew are close?
Um, well, I'm close
with all of the priests.
Yes, that's my job,
to allow the priests
to focus on their divine office
and their teaching.
Is there anything that you know
that could help
in father Andrew's defense?
I assume that's something
you're interested in.
Why would i want to do that?
Because just the sight of you
in the courtroom
gave him second thoughts about
spending 30 years behind bars.
I know what you're implying,
but father Andrew
is a pious man.
A man you love.
Well, it's not like we're
in a position to act on that.
We've made our choices.
Excuse me.
You lie to yourself.
That's how you do it.
You lie.
And you tell yourself
that that client
who you know did it did not.
Because dwelling in that truth
won't let you do your job.
Michaela:
A student killed himself?
Brian kamens. He hanged himself
in his grandma's garage.
Let me guess... he was
an altar boy getting the...
Holy treatment
from some of the priests here?
Not all priests are pedophiles.
Since when?
Truth.
Zach:
Brian and father Andrew
spent a lot of time
in the dark room together...
Doing... Photography.
Then he killed himself.
That tell you enough?
Were you molesting Brian kamens?
Of course not.
Father Bernard confronted you
about what you did to Brian,
and he was
gonna report you.
I did not
touch that boy.
You had to silence
father Bernard
because he knew
your dirty little secret.
How dare you?
I humiliated myself in court
for you, father.
You do not get to lie to me.
[ Sighs ]
Brian and i spent
considerable time together.
The dark room had become
a place where he felt safe
enough to tell me, his friend,
what was troubling him...
That he was
being abused by someone.
And shortly after his death...
i came to learn that person
was father Bernard.
That's why i killed him.
And I'd do it again.
I was devastated knowing
that Brian had been abused,
that whoever did it
had driven him to kill himself.
I wanted to find that monster.
I prayed on it.
And then, one night,
god brought him to me.
Father Bernard: Forgive me,
father, for i have sinned.
He never mentioned Brian
by name.
I tried to stop myself...
I did...
Praying to god for his mercy,
but each time i went near him...
I couldn't stop myself.
Father Andrew:
I finally had my answer.
Give thanks to the lord,
for he is good.
For his mercy endures forever.
Father Andrew: I thought about
breaking the sacrament,
reporting what he'd told me,
but i knew
they'd just transfer him...
that he'd find another Brian.
I waited for the guilt to come,
and when it didn't,
i was confused.
Part of me wondered
if i hadn't done his will...
For Brian.
I know what i did was wrong.
I just don't feel it was wrong.
Michaela: So we plead
manslaughter instead of murder?
We can't. Father Andrew
feels that it's a sin
to testify to what
father Bernard said in
the confessional booth,
and evidentiary law
agrees with him.
So, without that piece
of information,
we can't convince a jury
this was manslaughter.
What about
the "Thorn birds" angle?
The miniseries?
You know, Richard Chamberlain,
he's a priest,
gets down with his lady friend?
It's pretty good.
Both Agnes and father Andrew
claim that their relationship
was platonic.
Well, yeah. That's what i
used to tell my parents
about me and our neighbor, Cole.
It's not an angle
we can work right now.
Keep thinking.
Was i right, or was i right?
[ Irish accent ] It all comes
back to the diddlin' priests.
So, you're happy
a boy was sexually abused
and then killed himself?
No, I'm happy because
I'm awesome sauce.
Now what?
The detective's notes
on the murder book.
He has Rebecca
at Griffin's fraternity
a little after midnight, right?
Mm-hmm.
[ Both breathing heavily ]
[ Knock on door ]
[ Door opens ]
Get the hell out of here!
Lila: Griffin?
[ Voice breaking ]
I got your text.
Lila.
You still think he's worth it?
You stupid slut!
[ All shouting ]
How could you
do this?!
Get off!
I never want to see
either of you again!
[ Crying ]
Screaming, scratching me.
That's why my DNA
is under her nails.
And that's when i see Rebecca...
Smiling.
Wes:
The police report
says people saw Lila
leave the frat house
around 12:30 A.M.
Then some guy
from the basketball team
saw someone fitting
Rebecca's description
between 1:00 and 2:00 A.M.
An eyewitness?
Why didn't we ever hear that?
He identified
a different girl's photo.
So, it wasn't Rebecca.
Or he just picked
the wrong photo.
In his statement,
the basketball player said
he saw Rebecca on spruce road.
That's near Lila's sorority,
which means Rebecca didn't
go home after the fight
like she said
in her first statement,
she went to the sorority house,
which matches what she said
in her confession tape.
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
No, answer it, so she
doesn't get suspicious.
Hey.
Hey. Uh, look, I'm gonna
be home late tonight.
Bruce got boned by a couple of
his bartenders, and he's short,
so i just got here
to pick up a shift.
At the bar? Really?
You sure you want
to go back there?
Yeah. It's one night.
I could use the cash.
You should come by
after work. Free beer.
I don't know, um...
I think we're gonna be stuck
working on this case
for a while.
Yeah. Okay.
I love you.
Love you too.
[ Sighs ]
Father Andrew:
I cannot betray my vows.
Of course you can.
You just get up on that stand,
and you testify
that you killed a pedophile that
drove a boy to kill himself.
The d.A. Will knock it down
to voluntary manslaughter.
You might even get to walk.
The sacramental seal
is inviolable.
I will not betray it.
You won't betray an institution
that created the environment
for the abuse to occur?
Father Bernard's sin
is his alone.
Why should it influence
my commitment to the lord?
You killed someone.
What would the lord
think about that?
I did something terrible, yes,
but that doesn't mean that i
can continue down that road.
Even if it means
staying out prison,
getting to be
with the woman you love?
Agnes and i
never acted on our feelings!
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Sighs ]
Life is messy, father.
We all have to make compromises
in order to be happy.
That's a terribly cynical
way to live.
Well, i have
my reasons.
Really?
What are they?
[ Groans ]
Come.
Cast your burden on the lord,
and he will sustain you.
I'm your lawyer.
Exactly.
My job requires the same level
of confidentiality as yours.
No god should forgive me
for all the bad things
that I've done.
I'm wasting both of our time.
Don't worry, i still plan
to win your case,
even if you refuse to help.
Asher: [ Ditzy voice ]
I'm so confused.
Does the book go here?
Or maybe i should put it...
Here.
[ Normal voice ] This is exactly
the book i was looking for.
My office, frank.
[ Sighs ]
Is your connection at
the central jail still good?
Maybe.
What's up?
Do you have the connection
or not?
Is this about Nate?
Something happen to him?
Not yet.
How many sexual partners
have you had in the last year?
An estimate's fine.
20?
So, less than two a month?
[ Chuckles ]
Okay, probably, uh,
probably more like 30.
40, i...
How often do you use a condom?
Always.
Well, okay, you know, i mean,
definitely when I'm on...
The bottom bunk,
and I'd say...
80% on top.
You know, some guys
ask me not to, and i...
I heard it's harder
to contract if you're...
On the top bunk?
Yeah.
That's wrong.
You can contract HIV
giving and receiving.
Has your current partner
or any former partners
ever been diagnosed
or treated for an std?
[ Sighs ]
Connor:
You're right...
This is so romantic.
It will be in 20 minutes
when you get your results
and we go home to celebrate.
You know, i, um...
I actually have to go to class.
Esther: Oliver?
Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
Wish me luck.
Uh, excuse me, could...
Could you give me
my results over the phone?
Yep.
I'll call you when i hear.
Bonnie: Annalise?
What?
It's Nate.
He was attacked
last night in jail.
Some guys beat him up pretty
bad, but he's going to be okay.
Oh...
That's what you and frank...
How else were we
gonna get him out of jail?
Annalise...
Judge Redding already denied
the request
for a new bail hearing.
She ordered him to be placed
in solitary instead.
[ Sighs ]
Where's Mr. millstone?
Um, in class, i think.
Call and tell him that
we're gonna need his help.
I don't like this.
We got orders.
He's the only one who's
anonymous in all of this.
We could be
compromising his future.
Since when do you care so much
about doucheface's future?
I heard my mad skills
were desired.
Yeah. We need help
on father Andrew's case.
Sweet.
Anything that makes
me look better to the
big boss man upstairs.
Uh, or woman.
See that woman
standing over there?
That's judge Redding.
I am denying
the request for bail.
Walk over, say hello.
Drop the old millstone name
to break the ice.
What's the catch?
You want to seize the moment
or stand here and talk about it
till it's gone?
Hurry up.
Secret agent man...
All mission, no details.
That's how i like to roll.
B-r-b.
Asher:
Judge Redding.
Asher millstone,
son to judge William millstone.
[ Gasps ]
Oh, my goodness!
How's your dad?
Oh, he's good.
He's wonderful.
Yeah?
He's just catching up
on the old game.
What are you up to?
I'm going to school, middleton,
studying law.
Annalise:
So, you don't love him?
Like i told you before,
not in the way
that you're suggesting.
Which way, then, like a brother?
Annalise:
So long as you hide it,
there's no way
that you can help me defend him.
I don't understand.
How can i help him?
I'm not involved in any of this.
But you are.
You're a good woman,
and you're trying
to do the right thing.
I know that.
But you're not able
to be with the man you love,
and you're gonna watch him
being taken away in handcuffs.
And we both know he doesn't
deserve that treatment.
And neither do you.
[ Breathes shakily ]
Ms. Willis,
did you see father Andrew
the night father Bernard
was killed?
Agnes: I did.
And why didn't you tell that
to the police before?
Because i didn't want
to stain his reputation.
But i can't stand by now,
not when an innocent man
is going to jail.
I can't lie anymore.
Lie about what,
Ms. Willis?
Uh...
I was with
father Andrew that night.
We were being intimate.
[ Spectators murmuring ]
Hawley: Objection! We received
no notice of an alibi defense.
If those two were having an
affair, we would have discovered
it in our investigation.
[ Sarcastically ] Because
the Philadelphia d.A.
Never misses anything.
Judge: Sustained.
Let's take a recess
while we discuss
whether or not this witness
should testify any further.
How dare you?
You want to win, don't you?
Connor:
Yeah, I'm still here.
W... she's not there?
Well, um...
Can... can you
tell me the results?
[ Sighs ]
Okay, yeah, I'll be sure
to pick up when she calls.
Thank you.
Waiting on some big news?
Yeah. Um...
Oliver made us
get tested for stds,
and the nurse won't leave
the results on my voicemail.
So, I'm... Freaking out.
Chill out, my gay bro.
I'm sure it's fine.
How would you know?
You wrap up
your dingalingadong, right?
Yeah.
Most of the time.
What, like you and Aiden
always used condoms
when you started dating?
Damn straight.
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
Hey! Uh...
Did you get your results?
Yeah. Didn't you?
No, i can't get the freaking
nurse on the phone. So?
We're supposed to wait
till we're together.
This isn't Christmas morning,
Oliver. Just tell me.
Right.
I'm negative!
Damn it.
What?
Nothing, it's just,
she didn't leave a message
'cause it's bad news, right?
That's not
what that means.
It could be, though.
I mean, y... like, she... she
doesn't want to ruin her
lunch hour or something.
That's why she
didn't take my call.
Connor.
I'm sorry.
I'm just... I hate this part.
Where are you?
Annalise is going to notice.
Doing the walk from Griffin's
fraternity to the kappa house,
and it times out.
If Rebecca
left the fraternity at 12:30
and was headed
to Lila's sorority,
then she would've crossed paths
with the basketball player
on spruce
around the time
he told the police.
So why isn't there any record
of her being there on her phone?
Because she probably called Lila
using her burner cell,
then destroyed it later.
So, she called Lila
on her burner phone
because she knew she was
on her way to kill her?
You think I'm going crazy?
A little.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Rebecca: Lila, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry.
Griffin is not the guy
that you think he is, all right?
I-i hardly even had
to try. That was not
his first time, okay?
Please... please
just call me back.
100 bucks she comes home
without her underwear again
and brags about screwing
some lacrosse player with...
[Ditzy voice]
The prettiest penis ever.
[ Normal voice ]
Like, what penis is ever pretty?
[ Laughter ]
Hawley: When did this
secret affair begin?
About a year ago.
Where did the sex
that night happen exactly?
In the rectory?
At the altar?
Objection!
Badgering the witness.
This is a key alibi witness.
I'm entitled to latitude.
Answer the question,
Ms. Willis.
In his room.
I came to see him after vespers.
And then what?
We had some wine...
And i began kissing him.
Who took off their clothes off
first, you or him?
[ Shakily ] Me.
That's enough!
Sit down.
Hawley: Your honor...
Judge: Get control
of your client, counselor.
We need a recess.
I want to change my plea.
Again? Well, this
is dizzying, your honor.
I plead guilty and confess
to the murder of father Bernard.
Your honor, I'd like to ask
for an immediate mistrial.
Because you had
your client cause one?
No, the state happily accepts
father Crawford's plea.
Your honor, he doesn't know
what he's saying.
I do, too, your honor.
I plead guilty
to first-degree murder.
I won't change my mind again.
I did this.
I must suffer the consequences.
No. Andrew, ple... don't.
Please.
I'm sorry.
It's done.
You can fix this still, right?
Agnes, stop.
I love you.
That is what's...
It's done.
I love you.
And i don't love you.
I made my decision,
so please just leave.
Sorry i couldn't be
a better client for you.
Let's go.
Connor: Esther just called
from the clinic.
Guess who's HIV negative?
Aw, yeah, dawg!
C. Walsh getting
his ass beat up tonight!
Pshew!
Truth!
[ Both chuckle ]
But, you know,
i still have to, uh,
go back and get tested again
in three months.
Dude, I'm... I'm totally down
with our rainbow coalition,
but i don't need to know all
the details of your sexy times.
Connor.
Laurel:
Enough of this, okay?
I get it... you want to know
if she didn't do this.
We all do,
but sometimes you just...
Have to accept not knowing.
I don't believe that.
You have no other choice.
I do.
I can talk to her.
No! If you do, she's gonna
freak out, and she is gonna...
She's not gonna freak out.
Michaela:
Who would freak out?
Rebecca?
What do you have to ask her?
Nothing.
If she killed Lila.
What?
Excuse me?
Laurel: He doesn't
know anything. He's...
she lied to me.
She said she didn't
know the guy who lived
in my place before me,
but she did, and he saw
her come home wet the
night Lila was killed.
Wet?
Yeah, from the water tank.
No, we don't know that.
Rebecca said she didn't
go look for Lila at
the sorority house,
but there's an eyewitness
who says he saw her there
around the time Lila was killed.
Yeah, but we proved
that Sam was on that roof.
Maybe he wasn't, though.
Rebecca could have been putting
those coordinates
on his computer that night.
Which is
just speculation.
Where is she?
No, we can't
just go...
no! Where the hell
is she?!
Frank: Guess who
just went bye-bye.
Judge Perkins just replaced
judge Redding on Nate's case.
Nate was released on bail
20 minutes ago.
Nate.
Get the hell out of here.
Just call the damn number.
You want to hate me for
what you think that I've
done to you, go ahead,
but believe me,
if you don't accept the help,
you don't stand a chance
of winning your case.
Believe you?
Why am i gonna do that, after
everything you've done to me?
I know how it seems.
Fired,
charged with murder.
I could have died in that jail
if my lawyer didn't
get rid of the judge.
I got rid of the judge.
All mission, no details.
That's how i like to roll.
B-r-b.
Asher: Judge Redding.
Asher millstone,
son to judge William millstone.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Asher millstone has been in
the employ of Annalise keating
for the past several months,
a woman who blames my client
for the murder of her husband.
If this isn't a clear
conflict of interest,
i don't know what is!
It was one harmless
conversation. I know his father.
Which is grounds for a recusal.
Either that
or i file a complaint
with the judicial conduct board.
Your lawyer's not bad,
but I've seen
the evidence against you.
You need someone great.
Call the number.
[ Breathing deeply ]
What is this?
We need to talk.
Spit it out, psycho.
You killed Lila, right?
And you played waitlist here
like... like some loser.
Michaela:
Played all of us.
Why are you
letting them do this?
No, you're not gonna
get to manipulate your
way out of this one.
I didn't manipulate
anyone!
But you lied!
You said you didn't know
this Rudy guy.
I didn't.
Then how come he ended up
in a mental institution?
How should i freaking know?
You do, though.
You called the police on him
the same night Lila died.
He was having
a nervous breakdown.
Or a drug overdose.
That was you, right?
Drugs don't make people crazy.
Yeah, but they can make you
an unreliable witness
in case your neighbor comes back
from campus soaking wet
the same night
she had a fight with a girl
who ended up dead
in a water tank.
I mean, this...
[ Breathing heavily ]
Wes.
No, do not look at him!
You ruined our lives!
Don't you get that?
I was supposed to be getting
married, and I'm not anymore.
Aiden called off the wedding
because of you.
You dragged us
into the horror show
that is your life,
and now we're all
screwed... forever.
So, you're gonna
tell us the truth,
every horrible secret
about that night
that you haven't told anyone,
or i swear to god,
i will personally destroy you.
Tell us the damn truth, Rebecca.
Did you...
Or did you not...
Kill... Lila?
[ Iamx's "music people" plays ]
Answer the question.
You wear your little smiles
with the decadence,
you suffer every night
all the glitter,
all the luxury
I found the campus cop.
This car one of yours?
She asked you to go into her
house and burn a rug for her?
His name's rodger loftus.
He was fired a couple days
after Sam disappeared.
Some sorority girls
filed a report
that he was stalking them.
I'm guessing that was
Annalise and frank, right?
They knew we couldn't
have him around,
or he might remember
what he saw that night.
So, they just made him go away.
Rebecca...
he had to move
to Delaware to get a job.
He works as a security guard
at the mega super mart.
Guess that's why
he never saw the news.
Don't make me call him.
All the people
music people
Hey, you, uh, you have a second?
Depends on what you want.
It's about work, actually.
What did, uh,
judge Redding have to do
with the father Andrew case?
We thought we might
need her to weigh in
on what she knows
about the judge on our case.
So, it's just a coincidence
she was also the judge
on the Nate lahey case?
That's just a coincidence.
So...
Are you gonna be nice and
come over later, like you said?
Does a dog
like to bury his bone?
You two are that stupid, huh?
Yo, franky d.
When we hitting the ladymarket
in fishtown again?
Really? You want to talk
about picking up other girls
in front of your girlfriend?
[ Chuckling ]
W-what?
No, man. I...
He knows, Asher.
You told him?
No, she'd never,
with all the crap she's given me
for screwing students.
But don't worry...
I won't tell Annalise.
Or maybe i will.
I'm gonna think on that.
[ Knock on door ]
What the hell's going on?
Speak.